ASM Protect: First Draft (#15833)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/how-appsec-works.md

Security Signals are automatically created when Datadog detects meaningful attacks targeting your production services. It provides you with visibility on the attackers and the targeted services. You can set custom detection rules with thresholds to determine which attacks you want to be notified about.

> ## Built-in Protection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Built-in protection
```

Security Signals are automatically created when Datadog detects meaningful attacks targeting your production services. It provides you with visibility on the attackers and the targeted services. You can set custom detection rules with thresholds to determine which attacks you want to be notified about.

> ## Native Protection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Attack protection
```

<div class="alert alert-info">This feature is currently in private beta, please contact us through <a href="https://dashcon.io/appsec" target="_blank">this form</a> to access early previews.</div>

> Datadog ASM offers native protection capabilities to slow down attacks and attackers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog ASM offers protection capabilities to slow down attacks and attackers. 
```

> The blocking actions are implemented through the [tracing libraries][9], not requiring to introduce a new dependency in your stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP blocking actions are implemented through the [tracing libraries][9], not introducing any new dependencies in your stack.
```

They are sent remotely using the Remote Configuration protocol, a secure channel between the Datadog platform and your infrastructure, through the [Datadog Agent][12].

> At this stage, attackers' IPs flagged in ASM Security Signals can be blocked temporarily or permanently from a single click through the Datadog UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can block attackers' IPs that are flagged in ASM Security Signals temporarily or permanently with a single click in the Datadog UI.
```

> From there, all services already protected by ASM will block incoming requests performed by the blocked IP, for the specified duration. All blocked traces are tagged with `security_response.block_ip` and displayed in the [Traces Explorer][10]. Services where ASM is disabled won't be protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, all services already protected by ASM block incoming requests performed by the blocked IP, for the specified duration. All blocked traces are tagged with `security_response.block_ip` and displayed in the [Traces Explorer][10]. Services where ASM is disabled aren't protected.
```

> In future iterations, ASM will allow to block authenticated attackers when tracked ([learn more][11]). 
> On top of that, it'll provide ways to block attacks matching known attacks patterns in real-time from the [tracing libraries][9].

Reviewer: We can document that when it hits. DD Docs don't predict the future.
```suggestion
```

{{< img src="/security_platform/application_security/asm-blocking-ui.png" alt="A security signal panel in Datadog ASM, allowing to block the attackers' IPs" width="75%">}}

> 

Reviewer: Let's blur the IPs in this screen shot, please
